---
title: Week 11: Oops
date: April 14, 2026
---

So I actually wanted these posts to be a weekly affair 😹😹😹 but clearly that did not happen. I think one reason as to why is that I tend to work in bursts (amplified more by how school and life can be) and it doesn't make sense to make weekly consistent updates if the actual code is being updated more intermittently, and eventually I just forgot to do these. Hopefully going to make more consistent progress (and more consistent updates along with it).

Anyway, I did not make that end of February deadline. 💀 What I realized is not having a clear end goal actually slows progress down a lot, because it genuinely can be hard to tell if the afternoon of work you just did put you 5% further or 0.5% further. However, after two months, the finish line for MVP is **finally in sight**, so I do have a clear-ish plan for the coming weeks.

I want to start accelerating my progress, since yeah, I was a bit lazy. I would say the core loop of the Tera experience is all there, and the app is genuinely usable even with the unpolishedness and the constraints of Expo Go. The app can autodetect visited POIs, track, save, and upload routes, and display friends and friends' posts. What's left is some features involving exploration, data aggregation, and refining details, so I genuinely feel like I'm coming on the halfway point. The difference though is that I've gained a lot of the necessary development experience now and know what's left to do, so this second half should be a lot smoother than the first. That's why I'm locking **April 29th** as the new MVP date, so we will see how that goes. 

As I get closer to having most of the app finished, I'm planning to switch Tera to a dev build, which will most importantly allow background location app tracking. Currently, users have to keep the stupid thing open the whole time they are tracking, which obviously sucks even for feature testing purposes. However, with the start of a dev build, I believe Tera can start inviting people to fully test run the app. Look out for that soon. 

So far, development has been going okay, with just me running all the operations. But I can't help but wonder if I need to bring on a partner soon to help keep the momentum going and to divide up the tasks a bit. Especially as I might need to start worrying about a) marketability and b) scalability soon, both of which I'm not super experienced with, it might help to have a second opinion. Unfortunately, it's not that simple to just find someone willing to commit to this, so I haven't made any big moves on that front yet.

Lastly, I'm still trying to think of a different name for this app. Tera is kinda lame. More on that soon

For reasons I brought up earlier, I think I'm at 45% completion, just going off how long I think it'll take for me to finish all the features for an MVP based on my working efficiency so far. Definitely need to start leaning into the exploration and social features of the app now, but glad that the tracking feature is mostly there. Looking forward to these next two weeks 💯

█████████░░░░░░░░░░░