---
title: Week 13: graphic design is my passion
date: April 28, 2026
---

I'll start with the good news first: *Journey* (maybe? certainly better than Tera) has come a long way in the last two weeks, and I truly think I can launch a full version of the app available to test in the coming week or two - i.e., **MVP complete**. I think having a lot of time on my own, along with more space and resources, has made it much easier to grind over the past couple of weeks. Besides having fewer classes in my last quarter, my apartment-mate has also been traveling, and I've been able to use his setup to code and run tracking tests. I imagined it would be easier, but I honestly didn’t realize just how much more efficient it would be to have two devices and three screens available at all times. This has seriously made me consider building a PC for myself 👍 

But I digress: the bottom line is that Journey is really starting to **feel like an app** and less like a showcase of what I learned with TypeScript and Expo. At some point, this shift happened both internally and externally in how I interact with it, which is kind of interesting. Somewhere along the way, I stopped talking as much with people about the issues I had to overcome to get here and started focusing more on showing features and functionality. People also began seeing Journey more as a real app, pointing out deficiencies with it instead of being impressed by things like a working map or button. When the app was still in its early stages, the effort was more visible (I think) because people have a frame of reference for how long it takes to learn a new skill like software development. But as Journey becomes more of a full-fledged app, it’s harder to estimate how long it would take to build from scratch, resulting in people taking it more at face value. While that surprised me at first, I honestly welcome it - I’d rather people see Journey as a flawed but professional, "real" app than as a good CS student pet project kind of app. 

Maybe as a consequence of this shift, I've started to receive a lot more constructive feedback, which I really appreciate. However, I've noticed myself typically jumping to defend my product first instead of stepping back and looking at where they are coming from. That makes me think I might not actually be that good at taking criticism yet. I’ll be working on that, since I know I’m only going to get more of it from here on out.

I think it’s also hard to evaluate feedback right now because people often present their opinions as obvious, when I don’t think any of the decisions I’ve made (or will make) have been obvious at all. At the beginning, there was a lot of ambiguity about what direction to take and whether starting the project was even the right decision, and it’s kind of crazy that I even considered giving up 1–2 months ago. Following it, the middle phase felt easier, because I had already worked through many of those decisions, and what remained was a matter of implementing the features that I wanted to see. It was less cognitively demanding and honestly kind of enjoyable because I could add cool things to my app on my own terms. But now, as Journey gets closer to being a real app, I’m back to making harder decisions: how to launch, when to look for funding, what to lean into, what to pull back on, etc. Especially now, as more and more of my decisions end up being business-oriented and not technicals-oriented (which is not something I'm experienced in), it's harder to know what advice to take and I'm hesitant on just about everything. At the same time, everyone seems to see a different side of Journey, and I get a wide range of opinions on where it should go. I think that’s exciting though, since it suggests the use cases for the app are versatile, and that I might be able to attract a lot of different users if I play my cards right?

I hired a **designer**. 😹😹😹 This is still a developing situation but I think I made the right decision, since they had a lot of good questions and insights on the first meeting and seemed pretty hard-working as well. I realized that I just never had the time or even the expertise to polish up all the things involving the UI/UX and what not, and that it isn't hard to split the work down the middle like this with me working on core and features and them working on aesthetics. I unfortunately don't think I'll be able to see a full aesthetic implementation by test app launch, but changes should be visible within a few weeks (optimistically). I'm actually really excited because I really like a clean UI and I think it will be the make or break, or at least after the app's initial features are perfected.

I'm giving Journey an 80% completion. As I'm nearing finishing this MVP stage, I've realized that it's actually difficult to determine precisely when the minimum viable product will be viable. However, my gut feeling is that it's close. I pushed a large part of the explore feature today, leaving me with half an explore feature, a plan feature, a share-moment feature, a tracking-parameter feature, and a little polishing left to implement. Until next time 👋

████████████████░░░░
